We've provided a code for you to load each variable into something called a data frame,
which you'll learn about next lesson.
Then this code extracted a series from each data frame corresponding to the US only.
If you wanted to examine a country other than the United States,
you could have changed this value.
Now to make my plots,
I'll add the one percent pylab inline to
make my plots appear within the IPython Notebook,
but if you're not using IPython Notebook you wouldn't have added this line.
And then I can plot the employment in the US by calling employment_us.plot.
Here, I can see that the years,
which are the indexes of the series have been filled in on the x-axis,
and the employment values have been filled in on the y-axis.
And the same code would work for the other variables.